Who dares to bully our eldest lady?
Six strange things
He is the one who forged the real estate certificate and pretended to be the eldest lady
I still want to move to Miss People's house
That's right, Mr. Liu
This person just insulted our eldest lady
How should we deal with him?
He has eyes and can't get out of Mr. Liu
You
I don't have any eyesight, and I still learn to hug my thighs and kiss my ass
When a dog, you can't even find an owner
Do you know
You were the one you were cleaning up just now
Is the real lady
What are you still doing?
Throw people out
Hey, Mr. Liu
I'm the fiancee of a popular singer
I don't care what you are the fiancee of the eighteenth-tier singer
Hmph, if you provoke our eldest lady, it won't work.
Send out advice.
In the future, all idle people related to Ye Haochen will wait
You are not allowed to step into Kangchen's first and a half steps
Hey, throw it out!
Have the ability to separate?
As for you?
In the future, all property companies in Yuncheng will never be hired
Do it yourself
I know, I
One by one, looking at things with low eyes, walking around
Hahaha, do you think this is okay?
Let go of me let go of me
Dare to do this to me
You wait for me.
Is Tiantian okay?
Haochen, the brocade department pretends to be a down payment daughter
All the money from the entire seismic product
Does he even have the top single-family clothes and hats?
The passwords are open.
How do you know that?
This scruple period told me
He used to work here
Of course know the password
Even the boss of the sales department is familiar with it
Those broken certificates are also fake
No wonder Butler Liu turned to him so much
And asked someone to kick me out
This Butler Liu belongs to the Gu family
We can't compete with him yet.
After the awards dinner
I signed a 10 billion economic contract with the Shen family
Became a superstar
I will make this butler Liu kneel in front of you
Kowtow to you and apologize thank you